Alright, now we will begin with some network programming (this is where the fun
starts)! I have no prior knowledge on what we are going to start delving into, so
expect some delays since I will have to do some learning on my own prior to solving
these problems and learning all of the basics from scratch. Also, while I am making
excuses, I have also fallen a little behind on my school work (the joys of taking 17
credit hours a semester, three of which have labs), so the write-ups will definitely
have to be pushed back a little.

Now that I have gotten that out of the way, let's take a look at this level and see
what we are supposed to be learning. You may remember the write-up from the first
level (level0) I touched the concept of SSH and keys. This may have been a little
overboard for what we were doing at the time, but this should make this level a
little more understandable. We are given the RSA private key that we will need in
order to login to the server with bandit14's login. 

Copy this file onto your computer (I'd suggest storing it where the rest of your
SSH information is stored: ~/.ssh). Note, these keys are VERY SENSITIVE (this is the
point of this level)! If anyone has access to your keys, they have access to your
whole life (maybe not your whole life, but more of your life than you probably want
just anyone to have access to)! So what am I trying to get at here? You need to make
sure that your saved file has minimal permissions. I, personally, set the
permissions of my saved file with the following command:
	chmod 600 ~/.ssh/bandit_rsa

'600' is the permissions of this file (after the command executes of course) in
octal: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_system_permissions. Therefore, only the
owner (that's you) has read and write access to this file. Okay, now let's see if we
can login to bandit14's account with our new RSA key with the following command:
	ssh -i ~/.ssh/bandit_rsa bandit14@bandit.labs.overthewire.org

There you go; you are in and as you can see are logged into bandit14's account! Now
open /etc/bandit_pass/bandit14 with your favorite text editor, copy the password, 
logout of your session, and attempt to login back in without the RSA key. 

There you go! Now you are ready to learn the basics of networking and how the
internet works, as well as a few more Linux tools for connecting to other machines!
