Alright, I hope you are comfortable with reading man pages, because this next level
is going to test that! The command that we are going to use for this level will be
the "find" command, which is pretty extensive.

So the three conditions that we are given for the file that we are looking for are
as follows:
    -- Human readible
    -- 1033 bytes (characters) in size
    -- not executable

With all three of these conditions, it should not be a problem to filter through
all of the files that are contained in the inhere directory. I am going to add the
three of these in conditions in the same quick search, but I want to make note that
if you are doing these for a competition or something, you will want to do whatever
is quickest for you. For example, maybe you could narrow the number of files down
significantly just by checking all of the files that are of size 1033 bytes. You
could pipe this into another command, or just redirect the output to a new file and
if this doesn't solve it on it's own you could work your way down from there.

The command that I used from the $HOME (~) directory was "find inhere -type f ! 
-perm 111 -size 1033c". Looking that the man page, you should be able to figure out
the following:
    --find is the command that we are using
    --type f is the option "type" (for file type) and f means regular file
    --! perm 111 means not (logical) permissions 111 (executable)
    --size 1033c specifies the size of the file in characters

Luckily, the output for this lengthy command was only one file, therefore I didn't
have anything else that I needed to do! Just to verify, running file on the file
that was found gave me the following: 
    inhere/maybehere07/.file2: ASCII text, with very long lines

This means that it is human readible, and opening this file, you should see a
string much like the others, and you now have the password for the next level! If
all of this makes sense, then the next level should be easy enough for you to 
complete on your own. Make sure that you understand the man pages and I'll see you
on the next level!
