Okay, so I guess they weren't joking when they said that this was geared towards 
absolute beginners. Basically, all we are doing is connecting to the server that
hosts this wargame: bandit.labs.overthewire.org, with the username and password
bandit0. 

I am not going to cover everything about ssh, since it is a robust program with
many features like logging, key-management, forwarding, etc. So, let's go over the
input and output, and analyze what's going on (we learning now!).

So if you read the man page (which I would suggest getting good at if you are
anything like me), you know that you can connect several ways (and I am not going
to go through all of the options and what they mean. That'll give you some practice
learning to rean man pages). The most basic way would be to type the following: 
	ssh -l bandit0 bandit.labs.overthewire.org

OR, you could use the more optimal line:
	ssh bandit0@bandit.labs.overthewire.org

There! Now we just connected to the server and also passed the username that you
wanted to use to login! Now, is there an option to pass the password for that 
username? No, don't be dumb! If you tried to do this, you would be typing your
password, visable on screen.

Now then, we connected, what do you see? It should look something like this:
	The authenticity of host 'bandit.labs.overthewire.org (178.79.134.250)' can't be established.
	ECDSA key fingerprint is 05:3a:1c:25:35:0a:ed:2f:cd:87:1c:f6:fe:69:e4:f6.
	Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)?

Okay, so what does all of this mean to us? This is the server we connected to, the
IPv4 address we connected to, and our computer is telling us that we don't know what
this connection is. How does our computer know whether or not this server is known
or not (and why if we type "yes" to continue does our computer not give us this
message the next time we try to connect)? Well the answer lies in ssh configuration
files (which I said I wasn't going to talk about, but I guess I have to touch now).

Wherever your ssh files are stored (if you are on a Linux box, they are usually in
your home directory, but hidden. If you are not familiar with this concept, look up
user configuration files), there should be a "known_hosts" file. If this is your
first time using ssh, there may be only one line, which contains the same
information that was printed to your screen: the domain name, the IPv4, and the key
fingerprint (SSH stands for secure shell; there needs to be some sort of crypto-
graphic hash function).

Alright, so now you are prompted for a password, and you login to see this:
	bandit0@melinda:~$

Congratulations, you have successfully logged into the server and are ready to 
move on to the next level. Read the readme file, copy the contents, and you are
ready for level1!
